Hello my friends.
Welcome back to the practical activities.
This time on the clamor or still in association rule learning.
All right.
So this tutorial is actually going to be a quick one because as you understood in Carol's intuition
lecture while the clamor all is actually a simplified version of the primary moral because we only deal
with the support and we don't even have rules we only consider sets of products of which we analyze
to support.
So it's way simpler than the primary moral and therefore that leads to the second reason why this will
be quick.
Really.
If you have to choose an association will learning moral to association rule mining.
I by no doubt recommend the primary moral.
However it's possible that in some business problems you will only consider the support you know you're
only interested in doing a support analysis and therefore you might use a clout in exceptional situations.
But still even with the primary you can do this.
So that's why it's gonna be quick.
And besides the way we're going to build a class you know in Python is by just adapting our primary
model so that we only consider the support right because indeed the class doesn't include any confidence
or left analysis.
Okay.
So let's do this quickly.
This will give you an extra associational learning model in the toolkit.
So that's still good anyways but really the focus should be on the primary model.
All right.
So before we start let's make sure everyone here is on the same page.
I give you the link to this further right before this story.
Also make sure to connect to it.
And now let's all go into Part Five.
Association will learning then Section 29 a club and Python where you will find two fouls the clamor
for an IP one B format and the same data set Market Basket optimization.
Let's quickly remind us scenario there is a shop owner in herself friends who would like to boost the
sales of the shop and therefore he's trying to find the best association of products to sell to the
customers in a deal and the deal that this owner has in mind is the following.
Buy one for it and get another one for free.
So this time we're gonna use a color analysis to analyze the highest supports of combination of products.
Here are two products because the deal is.
Buy one get another one for free.
So well that's exactly the same scenario as in a primary and therefore let's directly get into the implementation.
All right let's open it.
We're going to open it with either Google collaboratively or duplicate and notebook.
Choose your favorite and now the notebook is opening soon.
It will be laying out and in a second we should have it.
There we go.
All right so loading it then laying it out.
And there we go.
We have it.
So that's the ClA implementation as you will notice.
It is very similar to the prior implementation because indeed the way I built the Islamic law is just
by adapting this binary package to the Islamic law by only considering the support.
And I'm going to show you exactly how I did it.
You know I'm going to show you from scratch how I turned that a primary implementation into this new
color implementation.
So here instead of you know creating a copy of this color implementation and then you know removing
all the cells and re implementing them from scratch we're going to take instead our primary implementation
then we're going to create a copy of this implementation by clicking here on Save a copy in drive and
then that's where you know that's on this copy that I will show you how I transformed this prior implementation
to the excellent implementation.
All right Are you ready.
Let's do this.
So the first thing I did was to.
Well very simply change the name here of the IP Wendy file and I called it iCloud.
All right let's start with the simplest change then still very simple.
I change a title here from Priory to Ella.
I'm really showing you everything I did to make that extra implementation.
Then I looked section after section and see if I had to change anything here.
We still have to install this by repackage because you know we're building a clamor all through a simplified
version of the primary model.
So let's keep this.
We can remove all the outputs here because we will rerun everything.
Then I give the three same libraries here.
I came to the same data repricing phase you know because indeed we still need that transactions list
containing all the transactions into a list.
All right then here when training the primary model on the data set.
Well same I kept everything we could even you know remove the main confidence and Min lived here in
order to really only consider the sport but I recommend to still keep them because you know these two
will give you even stronger associations.
So I don't recommend to remove them.
And then I kept these because we're still in the same scenario to find the best deals by one product
get another product for free.
So we still have to keep this.
But then in the end I'll explain how to run some class analysis on a larger set of products.
Right.
Because remember that with iCloud we're not considering rules but sets of products.
And that's because we're only considering the support you know the support of a set of products like
let's say ABC which is of course the number of transactions containing the price a b and c divided by
the total number of transactions.
Right.
So that's why there is not this direction and therefore these rules.
Okay.
So here I kept exactly the same we can you know change a primary here by iCloud if you want depending
on how you want to see it.
Okay.
And then when visualizing the results that's where I'll show you what I did as a main change you know
as an essential change here.
I didn't change anything.
I still displayed all the rules you know in this list of complicated structure.
But then here when you know putting all the results you know all the rules well organized into a penny's
data frame.
Well I'm going to show you what I did.
Let's crawl down.
Well this time since we no longer have confidences and lift for our rules.
Well very simply I do this and then I removed these two rows.
You know the confidences and the lift removed of that inspect function and then same obviously we have
to remove that here as well.
Right.
Because for the clamorous there is no confidence or lift that we go and same in the comms names here
you know when creating the final data frame nicely visualizing the result.
Well I removed of course confidence and lived here and I even replaced you know left hand side by actually
product one and right hand side by product.
And that's because you know in the clamor there is no rule.
You know we're only considering set of products.
And therefore there is no question of left hand side or right hand side of a rule.
All right.
So that's what I changed in the cell then in this cell.
Well I simply had to remove it because you know the principle of the iCloud model is just to return
to different sets by descending supports you know from the higher support to the lowest one.
And therefore here we absolutely need to sort these supports directly.
So I just remove this cell and this one as well so that we can directly display the results by descending
not lifts but supports.
All right.
And of course to do this here we had to replace lift by support and now it should be all good.
Let's remove this and let's rerun everything.
You know we can also remove this by the way right.
We have no output.
So now we're gonna rerun everything with First let's not forget to upload the data set inside a notebook.
All right.
So right now the notebook is connecting to a runtime to enable file browsing and in a second we should
see that upload button.
There we go.
All right let's upload then.
Please find your machine learning.
It is that and data set folder in your machine and go to Part 5 association with learning then Section
29 ELA python.
And there you go.
Please select your data set Market Basket optimization.
All right.
So this will upload it inside a notebook in a second.
Right.
It's a big data set.
There we go.
Perfect.
And now we're simply going to run everything and make sure everything works properly by clicking runtime
here and then run.
Oh so first it will install that by repack repackage the same way by first downloading it from the link
and then installing it into the notebook.
There we go then importing the libraries and data processing phase then the training and then the results.
So here we have of course the same results as before but then for the final results you know which are
supposed to be the final output of the iCloud moral.
Well there you go.
You have them here displaying the results sorted by descending support.
And indeed we see the combination of two production of the set of two perks from the high support open
0 1 5 9 which means one point six percent down to the lowest support you know for the 10 highest supports
and a 10 sets of products with a 10 higher support.
All right.
And that's you know exactly what the output of the Islamic LML is supposed to be.
So you see we simply built this a clamor all by adapting the Priory model to the Islamic rule and returning
the exact same output as a clam are all supposed to give us meaning the sets of products having the
high supports and then if you want to perform an analysis with larger sets of Barack because here we
only do this four sets of two products.
Well very simply you just need to you know in the training sale you just need to change these parameters
from index equals to you can keep this one but then increasing the maximum length and this will give
you some larger set of products.
And even if you know you will have this set of several products here and then one pair here because
you know there is still this direction as in a rule.
Well that's fine because then the support of a rule with several products on the left hand side and
one product on the right hand side.
Well it's still the same support of the set containing all these products.
All right so that's how you would use this color implementation for larger set of products.
Okay.
So good.
Let's have a quick look at the result.
Well we have kind of the same ones as before but this time in a different order because we sort of them
by descending supports but there you go the set of two products that appear most frequently in the store
you know there are Chase most frequently are Herb and pepper with grumpy whole wheat pasta with olive
oil pasta with Asciano mushroom cream sauce with Asciano you know all these seem very relevant associations
leading to exquisite meals cooked at home.
Right.
All this actually makes me kind of hungry.
Okay.
So there you go.
So you have now an extra Association wool learning model in your toolkit that clamor all nicely adapted
from the Priory model.
But remember my recommendation I still recommend to work with the Priory model because these extra metrics
such as the confidence and the lift will give you much stronger results in the end but good that you
have the two models.
And now we're going to move on to a very exciting part which is reinforcement learning and you have
to know that here we will actually make a step a lot closer to artificial intelligence because reinforcement
learning is a branch of machine learning with which you know you can implement robotics in a robot.
And of course in part 6 we won't implement a robot but still you will get the basics of artificial intelligence
and how you can build robots.
So I can't wait to see you in this next part you can actually hear by the sound of my voice that reinforcement
learning is one of my favorite branches of machine learning and my favorite application of A.I. so I'll
be more than happy to teach it to you.
And until then enjoy machine learning.